You get one that you don't have to do is
kind of there as an extension that if
we have time, we'll talk about or
at least allude to but
if we go in to the obstacle course.
You can see that there
are a whole bunch of input fails,
you got your good old fashioned
text input, you've got a select,
you've got a bunch of checks boxes
that then should render like a list.
You might wanna play around
with it first and see,
exactly what should come out the other
end, you've got a radio button,
you've got a color input,
good luck typing into that.
You've got a date input and
careful viewers will notice
that the localization,
I'm currently in Minnesota USA,
is American.
But the actual value that it stores Is so
we've got that rating filter and
you do not this'll
technically set a string.
So you could theoretically set it by with
the value with invoke there's a plugin
later that we can talk about for
actually loading files.
So this is technically becomes a string,
so
there's kind of the answer there as well.
But basically going through and
getting the tests to basically show
the value over here that they should,
given for whatever you choose to do for
the input fields themselves.
The goal here is just kind of learn how do
you control different input fields, and
stuff along those lines but I kind of
gave you most of the answers in the last
section, so
now it's just about applying it.